Update explainer with feedback from readers (#128)
WebKit/explainers: css-spatial/explainer.md

- **`portal`**: Creates a *front spatial context* just like `spatial: page`,
   but also creates a *back spatial context* creating space behind the element,
connected through an opaque “portal” that coincides with the element's border rectangle.
   The portal acts like a window into this infinite, independent 3D world behind the page.

>    The backdrop of this world is taken from the 'background-color' property,

Reviewer: Slight tweak that may be better?

```suggestion
   connected through a “portal” that coincides with the element's border rectangle.
   The portal acts like a window into this infinite, independent 3D world behind the page.
   The opaque backdrop of this world is taken from the 'background-color' property,
```

- **`portal`**: Creates a *front spatial context* just like `spatial: page`,
   but also creates a *back spatial context* creating space behind the element,
  connected through a “portal” that coincides with the element's border rectangle.

>   The background of this element is an opaque single color space.
>   The portal acts like a window into this infinite, independent 3D world behind the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connected through a “portal” that coincides with the element's border rectangle.
   The portal acts like a window into this infinite, independent 3D world behind the page.
   The backdrop of this world is an opaque color taken from the 'background-color' property,
   and the world is lit as specified by a new 'environment-map' feature.
```

}
```
```html
<div class="tab active">
    <div class="card">
        <img class="thumbnail" src="photo.jpg" alt="Photo">
        <p>A raised card effect</p>

>     </div>

Reviewer: Probably should put some ellipsis before/after the card so it's clear there's other content there.
